Updated Viz Template (#2)
googledatastudio/dscc-gen: asd/README.md

> # Data Studio Community Visualization Local Development Template

Reviewer: I think this needs to be updated with the new local development flow.

Data Studio [community visualizations][community viz] allow you to write custom
JavaScript visualizations for [Google Data Studio][datastudio].

## About this template

This template provides

> 1. An opinionated template for developing community visualizations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. An opinionated workflow for developing community visualizations
```

> 1. A local development and feedback workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A local development workflow with immediate feedback
```

> 1. Build and deployment scripts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Scripts to manage building and deploying your visualizations
```

### Files included

To develop your visualization, you should be editing the files in the [./src]
directory.

| File       | Template location   | Documentation |
|------------|---------------------|------------------------|
| Manifest   | [src/manifest.json] | [manifest reference]   |
| Config     | [src/index.json]    | [config reference]     |
| JavaScript | [src/index.js]      | [write viz code]       |
| CSS        | [src/index.css]     | [write css code]       |

## Using this template

> To create a new community visualization using this template, run the command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new community visualization based on this template:
```

```bash
npx @google/dscc-gen --project_choice community-viz
```

> At the end of the setup flow, you will have a minimal working visualization and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After running this command (and answering some prompts), you will have a minimal working visualization and
```
